README.md, before:

[![Actions Status](https://github.com/raku-community-modules/Pod-TreeWalker/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/raku-community-modules/Pod-TreeWalker/actions)

NAME
====

Pod::TreeWalker - Walk a Pod tree and generate an event for each node

SYNOPSIS
========

```raku
use Pod::TreeWalker;

my $to-html = Pod::To::HTML.new(...);
Pod::TreeWalker.new( :listener($to-html) ).walk-pod($=pod);
```

DESCRIPTION
===========

This class provides an API for walking a pod tree (as provided by `$=pod`). Each node in the tree will trigger one or more events. These events cause methods to be called on a listener object that you provide. This lets you do something with a Pod document without having to know much about the underlying tree structure of Pod.

METHODS
=======

new
---

```raku
my $walker = Pod::TreeWalker.new( :listener($object) )
```

The constructor expects a single named argument `:listener`. This object must implement the [Pod::TreeWalker::Listener](Pod::TreeWalker::Listener) API.

walk-pod
--------

```raku
$walker.walk-pod($pod);
```

This method walks through a pod tree starting with the top node in `$pod`. You can provide either an array of pod nodes (as stored in `$=pod`) or a single top-level node (such as `$=pod[0]`).

text-content-of
---------------

```raku
say $walker.text-contents-of($pod)
```

Given a `Pod::Block` of any sort, this method recursively descends the blocks contents and returns the concatenation of all the plain text that it finds.

AUTHOR
======

Dave Rolsky

COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE
=====================

Copyright 2015 - 2018 Dave Rolsky

Copyright 2019 - 2022 Raku Community

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the Artistic License 2.0.

Commit message:

Proposed changes to clarify use and documention. See Changes file for details

README.md, after:

[![Actions Status](https://github.com/raku-community-modules/Pod-TreeWalker/actions/workflows/linux.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/raku-community-modules/Pod-TreeWalker/actions) [![Actions Status](https://github.com/raku-community-modules/Pod-TreeWalker/actions/workflows/macos.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/raku-community-modules/Pod-TreeWalker/actions) [![Actions Status](https://github.com/raku-community-modules/Pod-TreeWalker/actions/workflows/windows.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/raku-community-modules/Pod-TreeWalker/actions)

NAME
====

**Pod::TreeWalker** - Walk a Pod tree and generate an event for each node

SYNOPSIS
========

```raku
use Pod::TreeWalker;

my $to-html = Pod::To::HTML.new(...);
Pod::TreeWalker.new( :listener($to-html) ).walk-pod($=pod);
```

DESCRIPTION
===========

This class provides an API for walking a pod tree (as provided by `$=pod`). Each node in the tree will trigger one or more events. These events cause methods to be called on a listener object that you provide. This lets you do something with a Pod document without having to know much about the underlying tree structure of Pod.

METHODS
=======

new
---

```raku
my $walker = Pod::TreeWalker.new( :listener($object) )
```

The constructor requires a single named argument `:listener`. This object must implement the [Pod::TreeWalker::Listener](./t/lib/TestListener.rakumod) API as demonstrated in file './t/lib/TestListener.rakumod'.

walk-pod
--------

```raku
$walker.walk-pod($pod);
```

This method walks through a pod tree starting with the top node in `$pod`. You can provide either an array of pod nodes (as stored in `$=pod`) or a single top-level node (such as `$=pod[0]`).

text-content-of
---------------

```raku
say $walker.text-contents-of($pod)
```

Given a `Pod::Block` of any sort, this method recursively descends the blocks contents and returns the concatenation of all the plain text that it finds.

AUTHOR
======

Dave Rolsky

COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE
=====================

Copyright 2015 - 2018 Dave Rolsky

Copyright 2019 - 2025 Raku Community

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the Artistic License 2.0.
